Use these exercises to practice and extend the knowledge you gained during previous workshop sessions. Sample solutions for each of the exercises will be made available after the session following the session in which the exercises were assigned, but it is highly recommended that you try coming to office hours to resolve any difficulties before looking at them.

# Exercise 1: LED Indicator (extension of demo in session 3)
Add an LED to the brightness measurement circuit from session 3, connected to one of the digital pins on the Arduino. Using pulse-width modulation, make the LED light up at 50% brightness if the measurement from the photoresistor is such that the servo rotates to at least the halfway point in its range of motion (90 degrees from its starting point). Make the LED light up at full brightness if the measurement is such that the servo rotates at least 75% of the way through its range of motion.

# Exercise 2: Automated Shutters
One obvious way to use a photoresistor for feedback in a control system is to move an actuator, such as a servomotor, when a certain level of brightness (or darkness) is detected. But what if the movement of the actuator needs to depend on the difference in brightness between two areas? In this scenario, you will develop a system for opening or closing the shutters on a window in order to prevent sunlight from influencing the light level inside of a house too greatly. The controller for the shutters will be represented by a single servo motor, and the shutters will be considered open when the servo is at the lower end of its movement range, closed when the servo is at the upper end of its movement range, and partially open otherwise. Your circuit will also have two photoresistors, one of which is sensing the light level outside and one of which is sensing the light level inside (not too close to the window of course!). You will need to continuously take measurements from both of these photoresistors, check whether their values differ by a certain threshold (whatever seems reasonable; try between 5 and 20), and if so, move the servo accordingly. To start with, you should keep it simple by keeping the servo in either the open or the closed position, and after that you can try programming the servo to position itself somewhere in-between based on the difference in brightness. Also output the difference in readings from the photoresistors to the serial monitor every time the measurements are taken.

# Exercise 3: Light Comparison State Machine
Start with the same circuit from exercise 2. Add a potentiometer with its middle pin connected to one of the analog pins on the Arduino so that you can measure approximately what position it is in (turned to the left, turned to the right, or in the middle) and use it as a dial. Now make a state machine that takes the difference in light levels between the two photoresistors and either points the servo in the direction where the dimmer light was sensed, points the servo in the direction where the brighter light was sensed, or prints the ratio of the readings from the two photoresistors (i.e. left photoresistor reading divided by right photoresistor reading), depending on the current state. The program can start in any state you want, but it should transition to the next state each time a button connected to the Arduino is pressed (you will also need to add this to the circuit). Each time the state is changed, print out a message indicating the new state onto the serial monitor.